I hope you're doing well what we're
doing fantastic today I'm coming at you
with a new video we're gonna be doing a
review and on feet look at the jordan
jump may of team won the baron colorway
now this is a new colorway for the
jordan jump man team one he's actually
released originally in 1997 and they've
one of those two years so yeah but they
said though Fela we don't you so I'm
gonna give you a quick look of the
overall shoe give you you know a look at
that upon feet probably look on feet and
just talk a little about the little bit
about the shoe itself overall so further
ado
so right now you're getting a quick look
at the Jordan Jumpman team one Baron
colorway now this no this Jordan John
man team one brings back the true
original style to the hardwood with a
classic look it features a leather and
synthetic upper with a perform
perforated tongue for enhanced
breathability the lightweight injected
Phylon midsole with external shank
provides added support to keep your foot
secured through explosive cuts the solid
rubber outsole offers support your
traction
superior traction I'm sorry and about
the overall fit of the shoe it does fit
through size to the sides so I mean if
you were 12 to get 12 year 13 13